Aladdin StuffIt Expander(tm) License Agreement

This is a legal agreement between you and Aladdin Systems, Inc.
covering your use of Aladdin StuffIt Expander. Be sure to read
the following agreement before using the software. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THE 
SOFTWARE AND DESTROY ALL COPIES OF IT.

This copyright software is distributed as freeware. You may use
this software without any charge and may distribute to others.
The software is owned by Aladdin Systems and is protected by
United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions.
Therefore, you must treat the software like any other copyrighted
material (e.g., a book or musical recording).

Commercial distribution of the software is restricted without
permission of Aladdin. We are more than happy to allow you to
distribute our software, but you must first have a license to do
so. Contact Aladdin Systems for details on obtaining a license.

You may not rent or lease the software, nor may you modify,
adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the
software. If you violate any part of this agreement, your right
to use this software terminates automatically and you then must
destroy all copies of this software in your possession.

The software and related documentation are provided "AS IS" and
without warranty of any kind and Aladdin Systems expressly
disclaims all other warranties, express or implied, including,
but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and
fitness for a particular purpose. Under no circumstances shall
Aladdin Systems be liable for any incidental, special or
consequential damages that result from the use or inability to
use the software or related documentation, even if Aladdin
Systems has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
California. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction
finds any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be
unenforceable, that provision of the Agreement shall be enforced
to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of
the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue
in full force and effect.

The software and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED
RIGHTS. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is
subject to restrictions as set forth in subdivision (b)(3)(ii) of
the ASPR Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at
252.227-7013. Manufacturer is Aladdin Systems, Inc., 245
Westridge Drive, Watsonville, California 95076.

Aladdin Systems, Inc., 245 Westridge Drive, Watsonville,
California 95076, United States of America, Phone: (831)
761-6200, Fax: (831) 761-6206.

All trademarks are held by their respective owners
